what's going on at the scaredy cat fish
appear I'm going to talk about red fish
today I really liked fish for redfish
not quite as much as catfish but I used
to live in Houston so I did a lot of it
first coming out go ahead and show you
my new poll I got its a baitcaster i
bought it mainly for channel cat it's a
got abu garcia 6600 real they didn't
have six thousands or i would have got
it so it's a little bit cheaper of a
real but it's a you know works about the
same the line i got is a 30-pound suffix
parade the rod i have on it is a of
course an ugly stick that's all I use
the ugly stick like pro I really like
this rod has a really heavy action 27
foot so um yeah my new pool I got now
I'm about about the red fish here set
the camera down I like the fist for red
fish in the ocean on that you can catch
them in other places on rivers and lakes
and especially can catch redfish but
I've another fish for him there I just
the ocean mainly bait thought I like to
use is a cut mullet skipjack whiting
shrimp shrimps always good squid but the
hooks that I like to use our circle
looks mainly I feel like the 50 50
circle of me by gamakatsu that's a good
hook
I usually learn from a five us with two
not depending upon one on Fisher net
this is a seven off it i like to use
certain officer circle hooks are good
for live bait mainly they help hold the
rebate on really good or cut bait also
this year but a not circle base or
circle of gum and got to another look i
really like to use the kill hooks this
year the five lock kill hook works good
for shrimp teacher shrimp on the hook
really good that's a--that's a five on
this year's at seven on it might be may
not but no i only like these hooks they
have this thing effect that a circle of
begin them right inside of the mouth a
little bit different style um sneakers
it's really your preference whatever you
like a bank speakers depend upon what
your fish sufficient on the you know on
the shoreline uh spider seniors I don't
have any with me right now with spider
sneakers I really like see anything that
will hold your bait down in the current
anywhere from a you know with two outs
to a 60 I'm so whatever whatever you
need to hold your bait down really have
25 ounce I'll be here that I like to use
is this year's a smaller leader but the
way I like it I got about a 10 inches
from the swivel to uh my hook tied tied
to the the swivel here with the seven
art circle upon it nice shot about 14
inches from my swivel to my sinker still
2 ounce bang sinker but now this one I
like to the seeker sits on the bottom
when your hoof just folks you know just
right above the bottom of the bottom of
the the bottom and just float there and
so the fish can pick it up easy and run
with it so yeah that's pretty much it
about the way I like the fish for
redfish like I said you know it's really
just your preference with hooks and
sinkers and
and how you like to fish for them but in
Bates too but yeah thanks for watching
guys and I hope you land the big one
it's a scaredy cat fishing